all right ladies and children welcome
back
sorry I've been posting a while but it's
called wheat and I'm gonna show you some
awesome figures mainly one custom
Sheamus with the new Mohawk first I'm
gonna show you a few other figures some
customs some brand new but if you don't
want see those skip for about a minute
or 30 seconds or so but alright so let's
get to the figures the first one is an
elite 34 John Cena cool attire and
everything else okay second is a brand
new Adam rose series 50 oh yes so here's
Adam rose then it's a custom game bro /
picks up I just gave him this new shirt
right here with the unstable Ambrose
like he's warm like house you for that
it's around the orange custom slice
picks up figure I gave him elbow pads
like he wears and then also some wrist
type
then I just like this to a large void in
his suit with the short hair
then it's by custom Jeff Hardy using a
Dean Ambrose figure you can kinda see
the different called paint since hair
face paint but to the back teeth and
then it's accustomed to view water we
change about using a tag team title belt
so let's get to the Sheamus figure so
here is fella got Sheamus with the
Mohawk there's a good side here here's
the back of him so how did I make this
figure I took the only King Sheamus what
I did was I cut around his hair with a
sharp blade just cut off all the hair
all around him and precise cuts are
they're really really detailed so all
out detailer
so there is this is my famous my custom
action figure I'm gonna tell you how to
make one now so all you have to do let's
take a regular shoes action figure
I'm you just wanted to read it to you
cuz face again what's the most like my
custom your fault
Blake make sure it's very sharp so you
can cut the plastic away now wanna make
sure you get it right so you just go
take a blade cut off all the hair making
a mohawk on the top the back and
everything else so just cut away all the
hair cut it close to the ear and then it
should end up like this you don't enjoy
this video please like and subscribe
later guys Kukui out